README.md, before:

# Joc d'EDA: The Purge 2020

This repository contains the winner AI from the EDA / Algorísmia Game (Joc d'EDA).


## Where am I? What does "Joc d'EDA" mean?

EDA (Data Structures and Algorithms) is a subject that gets taught in the FIB (Barcelona School of Informatics), a school of the UPC (Polytechnic University of Catalonia).
Algorísmia (algorithmics) is a subject that gets taught in the FME (School of Mathematics and Statistics), also a school of the UPC.
Every semester, EDA and Algorísmia students must code an AI that plays a given game, and a competition is held between all the students. This is known as the *EDA Game (Joc d'EDA)*.
The best players of each school go on to compete in a grand final held live, and one AI gets crowned as the winner.


## Important files

- [rules.pdf](https://github.com/p-rivero/EDA-ThePurge2020/blob/main/Docs/rules.pdf) contains the rules of the game
- [AIEldar.cc](https://github.com/p-rivero/EDA-ThePurge2020/blob/main/AIEldar.cc) contains the AI itself
- [viewer.html](https://github.com/p-rivero/EDA-ThePurge2020/blob/main/Viewer/viewer.html) allows viewing the results of a played game

## Copyright and licence
You are free to do whatever you want with the AI (AIEldar.cc). The rest of the files are property of the UPC (see README.txt).

Commit message:

Added the automatic tester
The code sould be pretty self-explanatory. Compile it and use it like:
`./tester num_iterations my_player test_against mode [-s]`. Available modes are `1v3` (test against 25%) and `2v2` (test against 50%).
The `-s` flag is optional and it supresses all messages except test results.

README.md, after:

# Joc d'EDA: The Purge 2020

This repository contains the winner AI from the EDA / Algorísmia Game (Joc d'EDA).


## Where am I? What does "Joc d'EDA" mean?

EDA (Data Structures and Algorithms) is a subject that gets taught in the FIB (Barcelona School of Informatics), a school of the UPC (Polytechnic University of Catalonia).
Algorísmia (algorithmics) is a subject that gets taught in the FME (School of Mathematics and Statistics), also a school of the UPC.
Every semester, EDA and Algorísmia students must code an AI that plays a given game, and a competition is held between all the students. This is known as the *EDA Game (Joc d'EDA)*.
The best players of each school go on to compete in a grand final held live, and one AI gets crowned as the winner.


## Important files

- [rules.pdf](https://github.com/p-rivero/EDA-ThePurge2020/blob/main/Docs/rules.pdf) contains the rules of the game
- [AIEldar.cc](https://github.com/p-rivero/EDA-ThePurge2020/blob/main/AIEldar.cc) contains the AI itself
- [tester.cc](https://github.com/p-rivero/EDA-ThePurge2020/blob/main/tester.cc) is a small utility program to simulate thousands of games
- [viewer.html](https://github.com/p-rivero/EDA-ThePurge2020/blob/main/Viewer/viewer.html) allows viewing the results of a played game

## Copyright and licence
You are free to do whatever you want with the AI (AIEldar.cc) and the tester (tester.cc). The rest of the files are property of the UPC (see README.txt).
